SRP000409|Small RNA repertoire of Nematostella vectensis. Three classes of small silencing RNAs have been described in eukaryotes: short interfering RNAs, microRNAs, and Piwi-interacting RNAs. The first class has been observed in all three eukaryotic kingdoms, and is believed to be of very ancient origin; the second one has been reported in plants and in animals, hence its appearance probably pre-dated the divergence of these two kingdoms. In contrast, piRNAs seem to be restricted to animals, as they were only detected in vertebrates, insects, and nematodes. In an attempt to better determine the evolutionary age of the piRNA pathway, we sequenced the small RNA content of a cnidarian, the sea anemone Nematostel la vectensis.. Using sequencing-by-synthesis, we sequenced small RNA samples from 9 Nematostella samples (unfertilized eggs; blastula; gastrula; early and late planula; metamorphosing individuals; primary polyps; adult males; adult females). Each biological samples was divided into two halves: one was sequenced without further treatment, the other was oxidized with periodate prior to adapter ligation (to enrich for only 3*-chemically modified RNAs).
ERP111349|SNP panel development for genetic management of wild and domesticated white bass (Morone chrysops). In this study, we developed SNP resources to examine the genetic relationships among a long-term domesticated white bass line and five potential founder stocks. A final set of 57- SNP assays was successfully designed and validated using MassARRAY system. The SNP resources developed in this study should facilitate ongoing efforts in selective breeding and conservation of white bass.. In this study, we developed SNP resources to examine the genetic relationships among a long-term domesticated white bass line and five potential founder stocks. A final set of 57- SNP assays was successfully designed and validated using MassARRAY system. The SNP resources developed in this study should facilitate ongoing efforts in selective breeding and conservation of white bass.
ERP109521|The National Science and Technology Programs of China. The National Science and Technology Programs of China is a high technology development plan of the People's Republic of China. It started in March 1986 and aimed at improving our capacity for independent innovation, adhere to the strategic, frontier and forward-looking, and integrated deployment of high-tech applications and demonstration of industrialization.. The National Science and Technology Programs of China is a high technology development plan of the People's Republic of China. It started in March 1986 and aimed at improving our capacity for independent innovation, adhere to the strategic, frontier and forward-looking, and integrated deployment of high-tech applications and demonstration of industrialization.
ERP106635|Genetic polymorphisms of different chromosomal regions in dogs with Canine Hip Dysplasia. Determination of CHD related polymorphisms. Determination of CHD related polymorphisms
ERP109531|Uncovering natural longevity alleles from intercrossed pools of aging fission yeast cells. Identification of QTL for chronological lifespan. Pools of non-dividing, intercrossed fission yeast were sampled through time to identify alleles enriched in long-lived cells.. Identification of QTL for chronological lifespan. Pools of non-dividing, intercrossed fission yeast were sampled through time to identify alleles enriched in long-lived cells.
ERP024533|Boar sperm DNA fragmentation. Variant detection in RNA-seq data from boars with high/low sperm DFI. Variant detection in RNA-seq data from boars with high/low sperm DFI
ERP106867|Association analysis of Polymorphism of FGF5 with long-haired phenotype in guinea pigs. Study the molecular basis of hair growth and coat color in Guinea pig. Study the molecular basis of hair growth and coat color in Guinea pig
ERP109292|Fine mapping of a QTL for number of teats. SNP detection in a QTL region for number of teats. SNP detection in a QTL region for number of teats
ERP013040|Identification of the RED gene in sugar beet using deep sequencing. By applying a variation of the mapping by sequencing approach, we demonstrated that phenotype-based pooling of diverse accessions from breeding panels and subsequent direct determination of the allele frequency distribution can be successfully applied for gene identification in a crop species.. By applying a variation of the mapping by sequencing approach, we demonstrated that phenotype-based pooling of diverse accessions from breeding panels and subsequent direct determination of the allele frequency distribution can be successfully applied for gene identification in a crop species.
SRP004255|Setaria viridis A10 + italica B100 Project. . 
SRP004269|Setaria viridis A10 + italica B100 Project. . 
SRP004751|Thermonema lapsum 23/9 Project. . 
SRP006708|Active layer A2 Project. . 
SRP006709|Permafrost layer P1 Project. . 
SRP007791|Kolumbo Volcano white/grey mat Project. . 
SRP008665|Pseudomonas aeruginosa UCSF15-17 Project. . 
SRP008824|Hoatzin crop Protozoan 21 Project. . 
SRP010333|Halocella cellulolsilytica DSM 7362 Project. . 
ERP103933|genetic variantion data for LYC. The SNP and indel (length less than 50bp) data from large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea). The SNP and indel (length less than 50bp) data from large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea)
ERP116525|IL6 receptor deficiency. Identifing a novel immunodeficiency. Identifing a novel immunodeficiency
ERP116458|INGI variation catalogue. Study of genomic variation of the INGI (Italian Network of Genetic Isolates) cohorts. Study of genomic variation of the INGI (Italian Network of Genetic Isolates) cohorts
SRP000396|HIGH QUALITY DRAFT SEQUENCES FOR PROKARYOTIC GENOMES USING A MIX OF NEW SEQUENCING TECHNOLOGIES. High quality drafts can be produced for small genomes without any Sanger data input. We found that 454 GSFLX and Solexa-Illumina show great complementarity in producing large contigs and supercontigs with a low error rate.. 
ERP022900|Rotterdam Study Exome Sequencing Freeze 2. All variants detected by whole exome sequencing of 2628 Dutch healthy elderly individuals. All variants detected by whole exome sequencing of 2628 Dutch healthy elderly individuals
ERP104925|Sunflower Oligo Pool Assay. Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) is the third most important source of edible vegetable oil worldwide, and the second most planted oilseed crop in Argentina after soybean. The sunflower breeding program at the Instituto Nacional de Tecnología Agropecuaria (INTA) produced the first Argentinean varieties with the introduction of early materials from Russia, Canada, and Romania, as well as through introgression with wild Helianthus species. This project comprises the SNP variants used to build a custom oligo pool assay used in the frame of the sunflower breeding program for biotic and abiotic stress resistance.. Sunflower (Helianthus annuus L.) is the third most important source of edible vegetable oil worldwide, and the second most planted oilseed crop in Argentina after soybean. The sunflower breeding program at the Instituto Nacional de Tecnología Agropecuaria (INTA) produced the first Argentinean varieties with the introduction of early materials from Russia, Canada, and Romania, as well as through introgression with wild Helianthus species. This project comprises the SNP variants used to build a custom oligo pool assay used in the frame of the sunflower breeding program for biotic and abiotic stress resistance.
ERP000453|XMRV sequences in in-bred mouse strains analysed by deep sequencing. Xenotropic murine leukaemia viruses are endogenous gammaretroviruses that infect cells from many species, including humans. Xenotropic murine leukaemia virus-related virus (XMRV) is a retrovirus that has been the subject of intense debate since its detection in samples obtained from human patients with prostate cancer and chronic fatigue syndrome. To better understand the provenance of XMRV we performed deep amplicon sequencing of inbred mouse strains, using primers flanking a 24nt deletion in the gag-leader region reported to be XMRV-specific.  This deletion was detected in the gag-leader of endogenous proviruses in 4 mouse strains (129X1/SvJ, Balb/cJ, CBA/J and LPT/LeJ) at a low frequency, consistent with it being present in just one (or a few) of many endogenous proviral copies. Sequences of several other endogenous proviruses were present as well, in part with much higher frequencies. These data indicate that primer sets previously described as XMRV-specific can readily amplify common murine endogenous viral sequences and that some targets exist at high copy number in genomes of mice. Laboratory contamination of patient samples or reagents is highly likely to underlie the association between XMRV and human disease.  See Retrovirology 2010, 7:111 doi:10.1186/1742-4690-7-111. Mouse DNA samples were obtained from the Jackson Labs (Bar Harbor, Maine) except for Balb/cJ which was obtained from Sigma (D4416). Tested strains included nine inbred (129X1/SvJ, Balb/cJ, C57BL/6J, C57BR/cdJ, CBA/J, DBA/1J, I/LnJ, LPT/LeJ, NZW/LacJ) and three wild-derived inbred mouse strains (PWK/PhJ, WMP/PasDnJ, WSB/EiJ). 100-200ng DNA from each mouse was amplified with primers EG87 (5'-GCTAACTAGATCTGTATCTGGCGG-3') and EG89 (5'-CCGAAAGCAAAAATTCAGACGG-3'). 500ng of amplified DNAs were sequenced using the Genome Sequencer FLX Instrument and GS FLX Titanium series reagents (Roche/454 Life Sciences) according to the manufacturer's instructions.
ERP110996|Molecular epidemiological study on Infectious Pancreatic Necrosis Virus isolates from aquafarms in Scotland over three decades. In order to obtain an insight into genomic changes and associated evolution and adaptation of Infectious Pancreatic Necrosis Virus (IPNV) the complete coding genomes of 57 IPNV isolates collected from Scottish aquafarms from 1982-2014 were sequenced and analysed. Phylogenetic analysis of the sequenced IPNV strains showed separate clustering of genogroups I, II, III and V. IPNV isolates with genetic reassortment of segment A/B of genogroup III/II were determined. About 59% of the IPNV isolates belonged to the persistent type and 32% to the low virulent type and only one highly pathogenic strain (1.79%) was identified. Codon adaptation index calculations indicated that the IPNV major capsid protein VP2 has adapted to its salmonid host. Underrepresentation of CpG dinucleotides in the IPNV genome to minimise detection by the innate immunity receptors, and observed positive selection in the virulence determination sites of VP2 embedded in the variable region of the main antigenic region, suggest an immune escape mechanism driving virulence evolution. The prevalence of mostly persistent genotypes together with the assumption of adaptation and immune escape indicates that IPNV is evolving with the host.. In order to obtain an insight into genomic changes and associated evolution and adaptation of Infectious Pancreatic Necrosis Virus (IPNV) the complete coding genomes of 57 IPNV isolates collected from Scottish aquafarms from 1982-2014 were sequenced and analysed. Phylogenetic analysis of the sequenced IPNV strains showed separate clustering of genogroups I, II, III and V. IPNV isolates with genetic reassortment of segment A/B of genogroup III/II were determined. About 59% of the IPNV isolates belonged to the persistent type and 32% to the low virulent type and only one highly pathogenic strain (1.79%) was identified. Codon adaptation index calculations indicated that the IPNV major capsid protein VP2 has adapted to its salmonid host. Underrepresentation of CpG dinucleotides in the IPNV genome to minimise detection by the innate immunity receptors, and observed positive selection in the virulence determination sites of VP2 embedded in the variable region of the main antigenic region, suggest an immune escape mechanism driving virulence evolution. The prevalence of mostly persistent genotypes together with the assumption of adaptation and immune escape indicates that IPNV is evolving with the host.
SRP011276|Parabacteroides goldsteinii DSM 19448 Project. . 
SRP011313|Flexibacter flexilis DSM 6793 Project. . 
SRP012180|Panicum hallii filipes FIL2 X Panicum hallii hallii HAL2 F2s Project. . 
SRP013717|Vulcanithermus mediatlanticus DSM 14978 Project. . 
SRP015687|Treponema sp. SAG7 Project. . 
SRP016925|Fischerella sp. PCC 9431 Project. . 
SRP002828|H. Mole BAC sequencing from the 16p12 region. There is a complex relationship between the evolution of segmental duplications and rearrangements associated with human disease. We performed a detailed analysis of one region on chromosome 16p12.1 associated with neurocognitive disease and identified one of the largest structural inconsistencies with the human reference assembly. Various genomic analyses show that all examined humans are homozygously inverted relative to the reference genome for a 1.1-Mbp region on 16p12.1. We determined that this assembly discrepancy stems from two common structural configurations with worldwide frequencies of 17.6% (S1) and 82.4% (S2). This polymorphism arose from the rapid integration of segmental duplications, precipitating two local inversions within the human lineage over the last 10 million years. The two human haplotypes differ by 333 kbp of additional duplicated sequence present in S2 but not in S1. Importantly, we show that the S2 configuration harbors directly oriented duplications specifically predisposing this chromosome to disease rearrangement.. We have pooled and sequenced 10 BACs from H. Mole that map to the 16p12 region in the human genome.
ERP109380|Snp of CAPN9 gene. Candidate snp for umbilical hernia in pigs. Candidate snp for umbilical hernia in pigs
ERP016065|Genome variation and meiotic recombination in Plasmodium falciparum: insights from deep sequencing of genetic crosses. Whole genome sequencing and variant calling in 3 Plasmodium falciparum genetic crosses.. Whole genome sequencing and variant calling in 3 Plasmodium falciparum genetic crosses.
ERP001539|Genome Sequencing of BCG Tice and BCG Connaught. In this study we charcterized preparations of BCG strains used for bladder cancer treatment and sequenced their genomes. Comparison with BCG Pasteur v-revealed some SNPs and indels that shall be studied in more detail in functional analyses.. In this study we charcterized preparations of BCG strains used for bladder cancer treatment and sequenced their genomes. Comparison with BCG Pasteur v-revealed some SNPs and indels that shall be studied in more detail in functional analyses.
ERP117175|A 50K SNP array reveals genetic structure for bald eagles (Haliaeetus leucocephalus). Bald eagle SNPs utilized from a 50K Affymetrix Axiom myDesign single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) array.. Bald eagle SNPs utilized from a 50K Affymetrix Axiom myDesign single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) array.
ERP109194|Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. cubense incursions into the Greater Mekong Subregion. Banana is the most popular fruit and also a major food crop for millions of people around the world. Fusarium wilt is a serious threat to global banana production, which nowadays mainly relies on "Cavendish" banana cultivars. Recently the disease emerged on "Cavendish" banana and since then spreads throughout South-East Asia, to the Middle-East and the Indian subcontinent and leaped into Africa. Here, we reported the presence of Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. cubense Tropical Race 4 (Foc TR4) in "Cavendish" plantations in Laos, Myanmar, and Vietnam (the Greater Mekong Subregion). Banana is the most popular fruit and also a major food crop for millions of people around the world. Fusarium wilt is a serious threat to global banana production, which nowadays mainly relies on "Cavendish" banana cultivars. Recently the disease emerged on "Cavendish" banana and since then spreads throughout South-East Asia, to the Middle-East and the Indian subcontinent and leaped into Africa. Here, we reported the presence of Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. cubense Tropical Race 4 (Foc TR4) in "Cavendish" plantations in Laos, Myanmar, and Vietnam (the Greater Mekong Subregion)
ERP110830|GBS Cynara cardunculus. Analyses of Genotyping by Sequencing in globe artichoke, cultivated and wild cardoon.. Analyses of Genotyping by Sequencing in globe artichoke, cultivated and wild cardoon.
SRP007370|Mapping Quantitative and Complex Traits Using Phenotype-based Selection and Introgression with Next-Gen Sequencing. Finding the genes underlying complex traits is difficult. We show that new sequencing technology combined with traditional genetic techniques can be used to efficiently identify genetic regions underlying a complex and quantitative behavioral trait. As a proof of concept we introduce through phenotype-based introgression and backcrossing loci controlling innate food preference found in Drosophila simulans into the genomic background of D. sechellia, which expresses the opposite preference. We successfully mapped D. simulans introgression regions in a small mapping population (30 flies) with whole-genome resequencing using light coverage (~1x). We found six loci contributing to D. simulans food preference, some of which overlap previously discovered alleles. This approach is applicable to many systems, does not rely on laborious marker development or genotyping and does not require existing high quality reference genomes. It is scalable in both space and time. To our knowledge, this is the first application of next-generation sequencing toward mapping quantitative traits without a priori knowledge of locus number or effect size.. 36bp SE reads from Illumina Genome Analyzer I. Reads generated from a pooled hybrid population of Drosophila (30 females). Hybrids were created via phenotype-based selection of a food avoidance trait (expressed by D. simulans) introgressed into a genome expressing the opposite trait (preference, D. sechellia).   More detail: F1 hybrid D. sim/D. sec flies were made by crossing D. simulans (c167.4) females to D. sechellia (SynA) males. F1 hybrid females were backcrossed to D. sechellia males. F2 hybrids were subjected to a food preference assay (see Earley & Jones 2011; Dworkin & Jones 2009). Hybrids showing repulsion to D. sechellia-prefferred food (that is, hybrids expressing D. simulans trait) were selected and again backcrossed to D. sechellia males. This cycle - assay, selection, and backcross - was repeated for 15 generations. 15th generation flied were inbred for 2-3 generations then sequenced.
SRP003677|Retrotransposon capture sequencing identifies somatic genome variation in the human brain. Retrotransposons are ancient retrovirus-like elements that occupy nearly half the human genome. Some retrotransposons retain the capacity to copy and insert into different genomic locations, not only within the germ line, but also during development, such that somatic mosaicism is much more widespread than previously thought. Since the discovery that retrotransposition occurs during organogenesis in humans, a fundamental challenge in genomics has been to locate and quantify developmentally-acquired retrotransposons. These datasets describe the development and successful application of retrotransposon capture-sequencing (RC-seq) to locate genomic insertions in samples from human brain regions and pooled blood.. Retrotransposon capture-sequencing using custom micorarrays to capture genomic DNA fragments followed by paired-end sequencing.
ERP110230|16S rRNA sequence of rumen microbes in dairy cattle. The 16S rRNA sequence data was generated in the project entitled "Reduction of methane emissions from dairy cows and concurrent improvement of feed efficiency obtained through host genetics and next generation sequencing of rumen microbiome" using Illumina sequencing technology.. The 16S rRNA sequence data was generated in the project entitled "Reduction of methane emissions from dairy cows and concurrent improvement of feed efficiency obtained through host genetics and next generation sequencing of rumen microbiome" using Illumina sequencing technology.
SRP001089|Tn-seq: high-throughput parallel sequencing for fitness and genetic interaction studies in microorganisms. Biological pathways are structured in complex networks of interacting genes. Solving the architecture of such networks may provide valuable information, such as how microorganisms cause disease. Here we present a method (Tn-seq) for accurately determining quantitative genetic interactions on a genome-wide scale in microorganisms. Tn-seq is based on the assembly of a saturated Mariner transposon insertion library. After library selection, changes in frequency of each insertion mutant are determined by sequencing the flanking regions en masse. These changes are used to calculate each mutant's fitness. Using this approach, we determined fitness for each gene of Streptococcus pneumoniae, a causative agent of pneumonia and meningitis. A genome-wide screen for genetic interactions of five query genes identified both alleviating and aggravating interactions that could be divided into seven distinct categories. Owing to the wide activity of the Mariner transposon, Tn-seq has the potential to contribute to the exploration of complex pathways across many different species.. This study is composed of sequence reads from an Illumina Genome Analyzer II that were used to generate fitness information using Tn-Seq.
ERP023525|An integrated framework to identify wildlife populations under threat from climate change. Climate change is a major threat to global biodiversity that will produce a range of new selection pressures. Understanding species responses to climate change requires an interdisciplinary perspective, combining ecological, molecular and environmental approaches. We propose an applied integrated framework to identify populations under threat from climate change based on their extent of exposure, inherent sensitivity due to adaptive and neutral genetic variation and range shift potential. We consider intraspecific vulnerability and population-level responses, an important but often neglected conservation research priority. We demonstrate how this framework can be applied to vertebrates with limited dispersal abilities using empirical data for the bat Plecotus austriacus. We use ecological niche modelling and environmental dissimilarity analysis to locate areas at high risk of exposure to future changes.  Combining outlier tests with genotype-environment association analysis we identify potential climate-adaptive SNPs in our genomic dataset and differences in the frequency of adaptive and neutral variation between populations. We assess landscape connectivity showing that changing environmental suitability may limit the future movement of individuals, thus affecting both the ability of populations to shift their distribution to climatically suitable areas and the probability of evolutionary rescue through the spread of adaptive genetic variation among populations. Therefore a better understanding of movement ecology and landscape connectivity is needed for predicting population persistence under climate change. Our study highlights the importance of incorporating genomic data to determine sensitivity, adaptive potential and range shift potential, instead of relying solely on exposure to guide species vulnerability assessments and conservation planning.. Climate change is a major threat to global biodiversity that will produce a range of new selection pressures. Understanding species responses to climate change requires an interdisciplinary perspective, combining ecological, molecular and environmental approaches. We propose an applied integrated framework to identify populations under threat from climate change based on their extent of exposure, inherent sensitivity due to adaptive and neutral genetic variation and range shift potential. We consider intraspecific vulnerability and population-level responses, an important but often neglected conservation research priority. We demonstrate how this framework can be applied to vertebrates with limited dispersal abilities using empirical data for the bat Plecotus austriacus. We use ecological niche modelling and environmental dissimilarity analysis to locate areas at high risk of exposure to future changes.  Combining outlier tests with genotype-environment association analysis we identify potential climate-adaptive SNPs in our genomic dataset and differences in the frequency of adaptive and neutral variation between populations. We assess landscape connectivity showing that changing environmental suitability may limit the future movement of individuals, thus affecting both the ability of populations to shift their distribution to climatically suitable areas and the probability of evolutionary rescue through the spread of adaptive genetic variation among populations. Therefore a better understanding of movement ecology and landscape connectivity is needed for predicting population persistence under climate change. Our study highlights the importance of incorporating genomic data to determine sensitivity, adaptive potential and range shift potential, instead of relying solely on exposure to guide species vulnerability assessments and conservation planning.
ERP107542|Spread of LA-MRSA CC398 in pigs and humans in Denmark. The prevalence of livestock-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus clonal complex 398 (LA-MRSA CC398) on Danish pig farms has increased from = 3.5% in 2008 to > 60% in 2014, and this increase coincided with an increased number of infections in humans. To investigate the population structure and dynamics of this recent epidemic, a comprehensive collection of LA-MRSA CC398 isolates from Danish pig farms and people having livestock contact was subjected to whole-genome sequencing and bioinformatic analyses.. The prevalence of livestock-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus clonal complex 398 (LA-MRSA CC398) on Danish pig farms has increased from = 3.5% in 2008 to > 60% in 2014, and this increase coincided with an increased number of infections in humans. To investigate the population structure and dynamics of this recent epidemic, a comprehensive collection of LA-MRSA CC398 isolates from Danish pig farms and people having livestock contact was subjected to whole-genome sequencing and bioinformatic analyses.
ERP021171|The oral metagenome in health and disease. The oral cavity of humans is inhabited by hundreds of bacterial species and some of them have a key role in the development of oral diseases, mainly dental caries and periodontitis. We describe for the first time the metagenome of the human oral cavity under health and diseased conditions, with a focus on supragingival dental plaque and cavities. Direct pyrosequencing of eight samples with different oral-health status produced 1 Gbp of sequence without the biases imposed by PCR or cloning. These data show that cavities are not dominated by Streptococcus mutans (the species originally identified as the ethiological agent of dental caries) but are in fact a complex community formed by tens of bacterial species, in agreement with the view that caries is a polymicrobial disease. The analysis of the reads indicated that the oral cavity is functionally a different environment from the gut, with many functional categories enriched in one of the two environments and depleted in the other. Individuals who had never suffered from dental caries showed an over-representation of several functional categories, like genes for antimicrobial peptides and quorum sensing. In addition, they did not have mutans streptococci but displayed high recruitment of other species. Several isolates belonging to these dominant bacteria in healthy individuals were cultured and shown to inhibit the growth of cariogenic bacteria, suggesting the use of these commensal bacterial strains as probiotics to promote oral health and prevent dental caries.. The oral cavity of humans is inhabited by hundreds of bacterial species and some of them have a key role in the development of oral diseases, mainly dental caries and periodontitis. We describe for the first time the metagenome of the human oral cavity under health and diseased conditions, with a focus on supragingival dental plaque and cavities. Direct pyrosequencing of eight samples with different oral-health status produced 1 Gbp of sequence without the biases imposed by PCR or cloning. These data show that cavities are not dominated by Streptococcus mutans (the species originally identified as the ethiological agent of dental caries) but are in fact a complex community formed by tens of bacterial species, in agreement with the view that caries is a polymicrobial disease. The analysis of the reads indicated that the oral cavity is functionally a different environment from the gut, with many functional categories enriched in one of the two environments and depleted in the other. Individuals who had never suffered from dental caries showed an over-representation of several functional categories, like genes for antimicrobial peptides and quorum sensing. In addition, they did not have mutans streptococci but displayed high recruitment of other species. Several isolates belonging to these dominant bacteria in healthy individuals were cultured and shown to inhibit the growth of cariogenic bacteria, suggesting the use of these commensal bacterial strains as probiotics to promote oral health and prevent dental caries.
ERP020620|Sequencing of common bean genotypes provides comprehensive resources for genetic studies and molecular breeding. Whole genome sequencing and bioinformatic analysis of 29 cultivars of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris), nine pools and 2 cultivated relatives of P. coccineus and P. acutifolius. Whole genome sequencing and bioinformatic analysis of 29 cultivars of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris), nine pools and 2 cultivated relatives of P. coccineus and P. acutifolius
ERP105623|Clinical sequencing of 1134 colorectal cancer tumors.. 1134 primary and metastatic colorectal tumor samples sequenced with MSK-IMACT, a hybridization capture-based next-generation sequencing assay. Custom DNA probes were designed for targeted sequencing of all exons and selected introns of 341, 410, or 468 genes.. 1134 primary and metastatic colorectal tumor samples sequenced with MSK-IMACT, a hybridization capture-based next-generation sequencing assay. Custom DNA probes were designed for targeted sequencing of all exons and selected introns of 341, 410, or 468 genes.
ERP109895|Horse pearl coat genetic variant. Characterization of the pearl mutation in horses. Characterization of the pearl mutation in horses
ERP110736|Kitaake mutant database. Generation of a whole-genome sequence of a fast-neutron-induced mutant population in the model rice cultivar Kitaake.. Generation of a whole-genome sequence of a fast-neutron-induced mutant population in the model rice cultivar Kitaake.
ERP107678|Identification of a large SNP dataset in Larimichthys crocea using specific-locus amplified fragment sequencing. The large yellow croaker, Larimichthys crocea is a commercially important drum fish (Family: Sciaenidae) native to the East and South China Sea. Habitat deterioration and overfishing have led to significant population decline and the collapse of its fishery over the past decades. In this study, we employed SLAF-seq (specific-locus amplified fragment sequencing) technology to identify single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) loci across the genome of L. crocea. Sixty samples were selected for SLAF analysis out of 1,000 progeny in the same cohort of a cultured stock. Our analysis obtained a total of 151,253 SLAFs, of which 65.88% (99,652) were identified to be polymorphic, scoring a total of 710,567 SNPs. Further filtration resulted in a final panel of 1,782 SNP loci. The data derived from this work could be beneficial for understanding the genetics of complex phenotypic traits, as well as for developing marker selection-assisted breeding programs in the L. crocea aquaculture.. The large yellow croaker, Larimichthys crocea is a commercially important drum fish (Family: Sciaenidae) native to the East and South China Sea. Habitat deterioration and overfishing have led to significant population decline and the collapse of its fishery over the past decades. In this study, we employed SLAF-seq (specific-locus amplified fragment sequencing) technology to identify single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) loci across the genome of L. crocea. Sixty samples were selected for SLAF analysis out of 1,000 progeny in the same cohort of a cultured stock. Our analysis obtained a total of 151,253 SLAFs, of which 65.88% (99,652) were identified to be polymorphic, scoring a total of 710,567 SNPs. Further filtration resulted in a final panel of 1,782 SNP loci. The data derived from this work could be beneficial for understanding the genetics of complex phenotypic traits, as well as for developing marker selection-assisted breeding programs in the L. crocea aquaculture.
SRP007933|Identity, dynamics and association-networks of suboxic freshwater bacterioplankton in stratified humic lakes. Humic lakes play a central role in the carbon cycle of the boreal landscape. These systems typically stratify in summer and their hypolimnetic microbial communities modulate the sediment burial of biogenic organic matter. The composition of bacterial communities in these suboxic habitats was studied by pyrosequencing of 16S rRNA amplicons from 5 lakes with variable dissolved organic carbon concentration. Bacterioplankton communities in the hypolimnetic waters were clearly different from the surface layer with candidate division OD1, Chlorobi and Bacteroidetes as dominant community members. Hypolimnetic waters contained more operational taxonomic units than surface waters and such diversity was also positively related to high  levels of dissolved organic compounds. Several dominant OTUs were annotated tothe OD1 candidate division. Overall reads annotated as OD1 increased in dominance with DOC concentration in the suboxic hypolimnia of the lakes.    Time-series data from lake Alinen Mustajärvi suggest that bacterioplankton of the OD1 candidate division are abundant and consistent members of the suboxic hypolimnion in this lake. Network analyses of such temporal data revealed contrasting ecological roles among the most abundant taxa, also within the candidate division OD1. Furthermore, our data suggests that the suboxic hypolimnetic bacterioplankton communities are more diverse but less dynamics than communities from the surface layer of stratified humic lakes.. 454 pyrosequencing data from 16S rRNA gene amplicons of 5 Finnish Lakes: Alinen Mustajärvi, Nimetön, Mekkojärvi, Valkea Kotinen, and Valkea Mustajärvi.
ERP106141|PRA in Old Danish Pointing Dog. Identification of the mutation causing PRA in Old Danish Pointing Dog. Identification of the mutation causing PRA in Old Danish Pointing Dog
ERP104802|RNA-Seq Analysis. RNA-Seq analysis carried out in three different backcrosses based on Iberian breed with Landrace, Pietrain and Duroc breeds. RNA-Seq analysis carried out in three different backcrosses based on Iberian breed with Landrace, Pietrain and Duroc breeds
ERP024222|SNPitty: An intuitive web-application for interactive B-allele frequency and copy-number visualization of next generation sequencing data.. Development of the web-application SNPitty that allows interactive visualization and interrogation of Variant Call Format (VCF) files by utilizing B-allele frequencies (BAF) of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), coverage metrics and copy-numbers.. Development of the web-application SNPitty that allows interactive visualization and interrogation of Variant Call Format (VCF) files by utilizing B-allele frequencies (BAF) of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), coverage metrics and copy-numbers.
ERP113702|Searching for sources of wheat resistance to Puccinia striiformis (yellow rust) infection as an element of integrated plant protection.. The aim of the project is the search for sources of wheat resistance to Puccinia striiformis infection. SNP markers will be used in the project. A resistance-diversified wheat population was investigated. Wheat resistance to the fungus and other parameters, which are significant in the farming of the cultivar, ware determined in a field. The project included a characterization of the fungal population in terms of the occurrence of its races and biology. The goal of the project was an investigation of the wheat population in terms of its resistance to the fungus, finding the markers linkage to resistance, a characterization of the fungal population and the determination of some elements.. The aim of the project is the search for sources of wheat resistance to Puccinia striiformis infection. SNP markers will be used in the project. A resistance-diversified wheat population was investigated. Wheat resistance to the fungus and other parameters, which are significant in the farming of the cultivar, ware determined in a field. The project included a characterization of the fungal population in terms of the occurrence of its races and biology. The goal of the project was an investigation of the wheat population in terms of its resistance to the fungus, finding the markers linkage to resistance, a characterization of the fungal population and the determination of some elements.
ERP113983|Genetic resistance to WNV in horses. Analysis of genetic polymorphisms in candidate immunity related genes present in the population of horses living in the Camargue region, France.. Analysis of genetic polymorphisms in candidate immunity related genes present in the population of horses living in the Camargue region, France.
ERP116809|HP Prostate MSK-IMPACT. Primary prostate tumor samples sequenced with MSK-IMACT, a hybridization capture-based next-generation sequencing assay. Custom DNA probes were designed for targeted sequencing of all exons and selected introns of 468 genes.. Primary prostate tumor samples sequenced with MSK-IMACT, a hybridization capture-based next-generation sequencing assay. Custom DNA probes were designed for targeted sequencing of all exons and selected introns of 468 genes.
ERP105486|Emergence and rapid expansion of pneumococcal serotype 7C due to clonal expansion of sequence type 177 (ST177). Serotype 7C is a rare cause of invasive pneumococcal disease (IPD) in England and Wales. However, in early 2017, we observed a sudden and rapid increase in 7C IPD due to what was almost entirely an association with clonal expansion of ST177, and ST previously associated with vaccine serotype 19F. We carried out epidemiological and genomic investigations on the 7C strains.. Serotype 7C is a rare cause of invasive pneumococcal disease (IPD) in England and Wales. However, in early 2017, we observed a sudden and rapid increase in 7C IPD due to what was almost entirely an association with clonal expansion of ST177, and ST previously associated with vaccine serotype 19F. We carried out epidemiological and genomic investigations on the 7C strains.
ERP002226|Nitrogen depletion from litter by Archeorhizomycetes. From June to August 2011, soil cores were repeatedly collected at 5 pine forest sites in northern Bavaria, Germany (Table S1). In total, 19 soil cores were collected by using a boring rode (6 cm diam.), from plots with or without Ericacean plants in the understory. The organic layers Oe (partly humified organic layer) and Oa (black, amorphous organic layer) as well as the mineral soil horizons Ah (bleached, dark grey mineral horizon) and E (bleached, pale grey mineral horizon) were separated. The Oe layer was further subdivided into an upper and lower Oe if its thickness exceeded 5 cm. Macroinvertebrates, roots and larger fragments like parts of pine cones were removed and 30 ml of each layer was transferred to two 15 ml tubes for transport. In the laboratory, half of each sample was weighed and dried (60 °C) to constant dry mass in a drying closet for determination of the dry weight. The dried material was subsequently homogenized and used to measure carbon (C) and nitrogen (N) contents in a Multi N/C 2100 analyzer (Analytik Jena, Germany). Based on these data and the thickness of each layer, the changes in C/N ratios per cm depth of the Oe (?C/N cm-1) were calculated. Subsamples of 5 g were extracted in 1.0 M KCl solution (soil/solution ratio 1:10), shaken on a horizontal shaker at 225 min-1 for 1h and subsequently filtered (cellulose folded filters 5951/2, 4-7 µm, Whatman, Germany). NH4+ and of NO3- concentrations in the filtered KCL extracts were determined using colorimetric flow injection analysis (FIA-LAB, MLE, Dresden).  Activities of enzymes involved in the degradation of the major plant components cellulose (ß-glucosidase) and lignin (phenoloxidases) as well as degradation of chitin (chitinase) were comparatively analysed using a 96-well microplate-based system. The activity of the hydrolytic enzymes beta-glucosidase and chitinase were measured using fluorescence photometry subsequent to incubation with 4-methylumbelliferone (MUF) esters (Pritsch et al. 2004). The activity of phenoloxidases was measured using spectrophotometry after incubation with the artificial substrate ABTS (2,2'-azino-bis(3-ethylbenzthiazoline-6-sulphonic acid)). To avoid artificial conditions affecting the enzyme activities, the substrate was directly added to the untreated soil without homogenization or addition of buffer solutions.  Concentration of total phenolic hydroxyl groups  was measured by  applying the Folin-Ciocalteu method (Folin & Ciocalteu, 1927), modified according to Bärlocher & Graça (2005). Extracted phenolic compounds were treated with Folin-Ciocalteau reagent and measured with a spectrophotometer (NanoDrop ND-1000 spectrophotometer, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Los Angeles, U.S.A.) at 750 nm. Phenolic content was calculated based on a calibration series with tannic acid (Riedel-de Haën, Seelze, Germany) and expressed as g tannic acid equivalents (TAE) per mg of soil dry mass.  Four subsamples of 0.3 g each were weighed from the Oe layer for DNA extraction. DNA was extracted from the soil samples according to Peršoh et al. (2008). Therefor, 300 µl of Al2(SO4)3 (0.4 M) were applied to flocculate humic compounds prior to cell disruption. The fungal ITS1 region was amplified using the Primers ITS1F (5’-CTTGGTCATTTAGAGGAAGTAA, Gardes and Bruns 1993) and ITS1Univ-R (5’-GCTGCGTTCTTCATCGATGC, White et al. 1990). Primers of each pair were extended by one of 19 different sample identifier sequences (SIDs) of 10 bp in length at the 5’-ends. Each polymerase chain reaction (PCR) batch of 25 µl in total included 15.65 µl H2O, 0.75 µl MgCl2 (50 mM), 2.5 µl 10× PCR buffer (Invitrogen), 2.5 µl dNTPs (2 mM), 1.25 µl of each primer (10 µM), 0.1 µl Taq polymerase (5 U/µl, Invitrogen), and 1 µl DNA extract. Cycling reactions started with an initial denaturation of 2 min at 95°C followed by 35 cycles of 20 s at 94°C (denaturation), 1 min at 61°C (annealing), 2 min at 72°C (elongation) and finished with an extension step of 15 min at 72°C. PCR products were purified using the ExoSAP-IT® kit (Affymetrix) and the relative DNA concentration was assed evaluating images of Agarose gels (0.8%) after electrophoresis (2 µl PCR product and 1 µl of ?-Pst1 DNA ladder) using GeneTools (Syngene). PCR-products were equimolarly pooled and sent on dry ice to GATC (Konstanz, Germany) for 454-pyrosequencing analyses.   The 11 525 obtained sequences were assembled to contigs using CLC Genomics Workbench (CLC bio), applying a bubble size of 50 and a minimum contig length of 110. Contigs of at least 90% similarity were initially grouped using the R package ‘RFLP Tools’ R (v2.11.1, www.r-project.org) and revised in BioEdit (v7.1.9, www.mbio.ncsu.edu/BioEdit) by creating consensus sequences of similar sequences (= 99% similarity). Groups of which either the 5’-end of the 18S rRNA or the 3’-end of the 5.8S rRNA could not be located were analyzed in detail by downloading and aligning similar sequences. These ambiguous sequences were only retained if they definitely represented non-chimeric ITS1 sequences. Altogether, ITS1 regions were identified and extracted from 187 contigs. These served as reference sequences, against which all 11 525 original sequences were mapped with thresholds for coverage and similarity set to 30% and 95%, respectively. Reference sequences were assigned to operational taxonomic units (OTUs) by grouping full length ITS1 sequences of at least 97% similarity. The abundance of each OTU in each sample was indicated by the number of original sequences successfully mapped to the reference sequences, which applied for 10 812 sequences in total.   Names were assigned to OTUs by evaluating BLAST results as detailed previously (Peršoh et al. 2010). Briefly, the GenBank database (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) was searched by BLAST and all hits which attained at least 90% of the best alignment score were considered for name assignment. A taxonomic level unifying all names under which the related sequences were deposited was chosen as name for each OTU. Environmental sequences and clearly outlying names were disregarded, but documented as ambiguities and outliers, respectively. Based on their taxonomic affiliation, OTUs were categorized as ectomycorrhizal (ECM), and ericoid mycorrhizal fungi (ERM). Comparisons with the sequences of Archeorhizomycetes (ARM, Rosling et al. 2011) were conducted separately to identify representatives of this group. To assess the putative biology of the 4 OTUs accounting for more than 3% of all sequences, but neither assignable to ARM, nor representing ECM or ERM fungi, the origin of all best sequences was established. Thereby, OTUs with >95% of the relatives not originating from living organisms were categorized as saprotrophic. This applied to 3 of the 4 OTUs.   A matrix coding the abundance of each OTU in each subsample was imported in Primer6 (Plymouth Routines) and abundances within samples were standardized by total. Bray Curtis similarity was applied to calculate similarities among samples. Analyses of Similarity (ANOSIM) were used to elucidate if the understory vegetation had an impact on composition of fungal community as a whole, on the ARM community, and on the ECM, ERM, and saprobic communities. Similarities among samples were visualized by non-metric multidimensional scaling. Correlations among distribution patterns of OTUs, C/N ratios and contents, N fractions, and enzyme activities were assessed by calculating Pearson Product Moment Correlations of Log10 + 1 transformed data using the software R version 2.13.1.  References Bärlocher, F, Graça, MAS (2005). Total phenolics. In: Graça, MAS , Bärlocher, F , Gessner, MO (eds.). Methods to study litter decomposition - A practical guide. Springer pp 97–100.  Folin, O, Ciocalteu, V (1927). On tyrosine and tryptophane determination in proteins. J Biol Chem 27, 239–343.  Gardes M, Bruns TD (1993). ITS primers with enhanced specificity for basidiomycetes - application to the identification of mycorrhizae and rusts. Mol Ecol 2: 113–118.  Peršoh D, Theuerl S, Buscot F, Rambold G (2008). Towards a universally adaptable method for quantitative extraction of high-purity nucleic acids from soil. J Microbiol Methods 75: 19–24.  Peršoh D, Melcher M, Flessa F, Rambold G (2010). First fungal community analyses of endophytic ascomycetes associated with Viscum album ssp. austriacum and its host Pinus sylvestris. Fungal Biol 114: 585–596.  Pritsch K, Raidl S, Marksteiner E, Blaschke H, Agerer R, Schloter M, Hartmann A (2004). A rapid and highly sensitive method for measuring enzyme activities in single mycorrhizal tips using 4-methylumbelliferone-labelled fluorogenic substrates in a microplate system. J Microbiol Methods 58, 233–241.  Rosling A, Cox F, Cruz-Martinez K, Ihrmark K, Grelet G-A, Lindahl BD et al (2011). Archaeorhizomycetes: Unearthing an Ancient Class of Ubiquitous Soil Fungi. Science 333: 876–879.  White TJ, Bruns T, Lee S, Taylor J (1990). Amplification and direct sequencing of fungal ribosomal RNA genes for phylogenetics. In: Innis MA, Gelfand DH, Shinsky JJ, White TJ (eds). PCR Protocols: A Guide to Methods and Applications. Academic Press. pp 315–322.. From June to August 2011, soil cores were repeatedly collected at 5 pine forest sites in northern Bavaria, Germany (Table S1). In total, 19 soil cores were collected by using a boring rode (6 cm diam.), from plots with or without Ericacean plants in the understory. The organic layers Oe (partly humified organic layer) and Oa (black, amorphous organic layer) as well as the mineral soil horizons Ah (bleached, dark grey mineral horizon) and E (bleached, pale grey mineral horizon) were separated. The Oe layer was further subdivided into an upper and lower Oe if its thickness exceeded 5 cm. Macroinvertebrates, roots and larger fragments like parts of pine cones were removed and 30 ml of each layer was transferred to two 15 ml tubes for transport. In the laboratory, half of each sample was weighed and dried (60 °C) to constant dry mass in a drying closet for determination of the dry weight. The dried material was subsequently homogenized and used to measure carbon (C) and nitrogen (N) contents in a Multi N/C 2100 analyzer (Analytik Jena, Germany). Based on these data and the thickness of each layer, the changes in C/N ratios per cm depth of the Oe (?C/N cm-1) were calculated. Subsamples of 5 g were extracted in 1.0 M KCl solution (soil/solution ratio 1:10), shaken on a horizontal shaker at 225 min-1 for 1h and subsequently filtered (cellulose folded filters 5951/2, 4-7 µm, Whatman, Germany). NH4+ and of NO3- concentrations in the filtered KCL extracts were determined using colorimetric flow injection analysis (FIA-LAB, MLE, Dresden).  Activities of enzymes involved in the degradation of the major plant components cellulose (ß-glucosidase) and lignin (phenoloxidases) as well as degradation of chitin (chitinase) were comparatively analysed using a 96-well microplate-based system. The activity of the hydrolytic enzymes beta-glucosidase and chitinase were measured using fluorescence photometry subsequent to incubation with 4-methylumbelliferone (MUF) esters (Pritsch et al. 2004). The activity of phenoloxidases was measured using spectrophotometry after incubation with the artificial substrate ABTS (2,2'-azino-bis(3-ethylbenzthiazoline-6-sulphonic acid)). To avoid artificial conditions affecting the enzyme activities, the substrate was directly added to the untreated soil without homogenization or addition of buffer solutions.  Concentration of total phenolic hydroxyl groups  was measured by  applying the Folin-Ciocalteu method (Folin & Ciocalteu, 1927), modified according to Bärlocher & Graça (2005). Extracted phenolic compounds were treated with Folin-Ciocalteau reagent and measured with a spectrophotometer (NanoDrop ND-1000 spectrophotometer, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Los Angeles, U.S.A.) at 750 nm. Phenolic content was calculated based on a calibration series with tannic acid (Riedel-de Haën, Seelze, Germany) and expressed as g tannic acid equivalents (TAE) per mg of soil dry mass.  Four subsamples of 0.3 g each were weighed from the Oe layer for DNA extraction. DNA was extracted from the soil samples according to Peršoh et al. (2008). Therefor, 300 µl of Al2(SO4)3 (0.4 M) were applied to flocculate humic compounds prior to cell disruption. The fungal ITS1 region was amplified using the Primers ITS1F (5’-CTTGGTCATTTAGAGGAAGTAA, Gardes and Bruns 1993) and ITS1Univ-R (5’-GCTGCGTTCTTCATCGATGC, White et al. 1990). Primers of each pair were extended by one of 19 different sample identifier sequences (SIDs) of 10 bp in length at the 5’-ends. Each polymerase chain reaction (PCR) batch of 25 µl in total included 15.65 µl H2O, 0.75 µl MgCl2 (50 mM), 2.5 µl 10× PCR buffer (Invitrogen), 2.5 µl dNTPs (2 mM), 1.25 µl of each primer (10 µM), 0.1 µl Taq polymerase (5 U/µl, Invitrogen), and 1 µl DNA extract. Cycling reactions started with an initial denaturation of 2 min at 95°C followed by 35 cycles of 20 s at 94°C (denaturation), 1 min at 61°C (annealing), 2 min at 72°C (elongation) and finished with an extension step of 15 min at 72°C. PCR products were purified using the ExoSAP-IT® kit (Affymetrix) and the relative DNA concentration was assed evaluating images of Agarose gels (0.8%) after electrophoresis (2 µl PCR product and 1 µl of ?-Pst1 DNA ladder) using GeneTools (Syngene). PCR-products were equimolarly pooled and sent on dry ice to GATC (Konstanz, Germany) for 454-pyrosequencing analyses.   The 11 525 obtained sequences were assembled to contigs using CLC Genomics Workbench (CLC bio), applying a bubble size of 50 and a minimum contig length of 110. Contigs of at least 90% similarity were initially grouped using the R package ‘RFLP Tools’ R (v2.11.1, www.r-project.org) and revised in BioEdit (v7.1.9, www.mbio.ncsu.edu/BioEdit) by creating consensus sequences of similar sequences (= 99% similarity). Groups of which either the 5’-end of the 18S rRNA or the 3’-end of the 5.8S rRNA could not be located were analyzed in detail by downloading and aligning similar sequences. These ambiguous sequences were only retained if they definitely represented non-chimeric ITS1 sequences. Altogether, ITS1 regions were identified and extracted from 187 contigs. These served as reference sequences, against which all 11 525 original sequences were mapped with thresholds for coverage and similarity set to 30% and 95%, respectively. Reference sequences were assigned to operational taxonomic units (OTUs) by grouping full length ITS1 sequences of at least 97% similarity. The abundance of each OTU in each sample was indicated by the number of original sequences successfully mapped to the reference sequences, which applied for 10 812 sequences in total.   Names were assigned to OTUs by evaluating BLAST results as detailed previously (Peršoh et al. 2010). Briefly, the GenBank database (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) was searched by BLAST and all hits which attained at least 90% of the best alignment score were considered for name assignment. A taxonomic level unifying all names under which the related sequences were deposited was chosen as name for each OTU. Environmental sequences and clearly outlying names were disregarded, but documented as ambiguities and outliers, respectively. Based on their taxonomic affiliation, OTUs were categorized as ectomycorrhizal (ECM), and ericoid mycorrhizal fungi (ERM). Comparisons with the sequences of Archeorhizomycetes (ARM, Rosling et al. 2011) were conducted separately to identify representatives of this group. To assess the putative biology of the 4 OTUs accounting for more than 3% of all sequences, but neither assignable to ARM, nor representing ECM or ERM fungi, the origin of all best sequences was established. Thereby, OTUs with >95% of the relatives not originating from living organisms were categorized as saprotrophic. This applied to 3 of the 4 OTUs.   A matrix coding the abundance of each OTU in each subsample was imported in Primer6 (Plymouth Routines) and abundances within samples were standardized by total. Bray Curtis similarity was applied to calculate similarities among samples. Analyses of Similarity (ANOSIM) were used to elucidate if the understory vegetation had an impact on composition of fungal community as a whole, on the ARM community, and on the ECM, ERM, and saprobic communities. Similarities among samples were visualized by non-metric multidimensional scaling. Correlations among distribution patterns of OTUs, C/N ratios and contents, N fractions, and enzyme activities were assessed by calculating Pearson Product Moment Correlations of Log10 + 1 transformed data using the software R version 2.13.1.  References Bärlocher, F, Graça, MAS (2005). Total phenolics. In: Graça, MAS , Bärlocher, F , Gessner, MO (eds.). Methods to study litter decomposition - A practical guide. Springer pp 97–100.  Folin, O, Ciocalteu, V (1927). On tyrosine and tryptophane determination in proteins. J Biol Chem 27, 239–343.  Gardes M, Bruns TD (1993). ITS primers with enhanced specificity for basidiomycetes - application to the identification of mycorrhizae and rusts. Mol Ecol 2: 113–118.  Peršoh D, Theuerl S, Buscot F, Rambold G (2008). Towards a universally adaptable method for quantitative extraction of high-purity nucleic acids from soil. J Microbiol Methods 75: 19–24.  Peršoh D, Melcher M, Flessa F, Rambold G (2010). First fungal community analyses of endophytic ascomycetes associated with Viscum album ssp. austriacum and its host Pinus sylvestris. Fungal Biol 114: 585–596.  Pritsch K, Raidl S, Marksteiner E, Blaschke H, Agerer R, Schloter M, Hartmann A (2004). A rapid and highly sensitive method for measuring enzyme activities in single mycorrhizal tips using 4-methylumbelliferone-labelled fluorogenic substrates in a microplate system. J Microbiol Methods 58, 233–241.  Rosling A, Cox F, Cruz-Martinez K, Ihrmark K, Grelet G-A, Lindahl BD et al (2011). Archaeorhizomycetes: Unearthing an Ancient Class of Ubiquitous Soil Fungi. Science 333: 876–879.  White TJ, Bruns T, Lee S, Taylor J (1990). Amplification and direct sequencing of fungal ribosomal RNA genes for phylogenetics. In: Innis MA, Gelfand DH, Shinsky JJ, White TJ (eds). PCR Protocols: A Guide to Methods and Applications. Academic Press. pp 315–322.
SRP010068|DRIP and DRIVE-seq reads in human Ntera2 cells. To sequence RNA:DNA hybrids in the human genome using the DRIP and DRIVE methods (DNA:RNA ImmunoPrecipitation,DNA:RNA In Vitro Enrichment, Ginno et al. 2012).. Extracted Ntera2 genomic DNA was fragmented with 5 restriction enzymes (EcoRI, HindIII, BsrGI, XbaI, SspI) and RNA:DNA hybrids enriched using the S9.6 monoclonal antibody or MBP-RnaseH1 mutant.  Eluate was then sonicated and ligated to Adapters for sequencing on the Illumina GAII and HiSeq platforms.
ERP002270|Multiazole resistance in clinical and environmental fungal isolates. Whole genome sequencing of SYBARIS Aspergillus spp. known to be multi-drug resistant and difficult to treat. Aim of this eaperiment is to investigate the genetic basis of susceptibility to disease and elucidate molecular mechanisms of drug resistance in these strains.. Whole genome sequencing of SYBARIS Aspergillus spp. known to be multi-drug resistant and difficult to treat. Aim of this eaperiment is to investigate the genetic basis of susceptibility to disease and elucidate molecular mechanisms of drug resistance in these strains.
ERP002319|RNA-Seq of healthy human dendritic cells after challenge with four different fungal pathogens, and of four fungal pathogens after challenge with healthy human dendritic cells, SYBARIS project.. Dendritic cells from three healthy human donors were cultured in the presence or absence of either Aspergillus fumigatus, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Candida albicans or Candida parapsilosis. Each of the four fungi were also cultured in the absence of human cells. RNA-sequencing was used to evaluate differences in the transcriptomes of human cells challenged and unchallenged with each fungal pathogen, as well as in those of each fungus challenged and unchallenged by cells from the human immune system.. Dendritic cells from three healthy human donors were cultured in the presence or absence of either Aspergillus fumigatus, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Candida albicans or Candida parapsilosis. Each of the four fungi were also cultured in the absence of human cells. RNA-sequencing was used to evaluate differences in the transcriptomes of human cells challenged and unchallenged with each fungal pathogen, as well as in those of each fungus challenged and unchallenged by cells from the human immune system.
ERP002323|RNA-Seq of human dendritic cells from aspergillosis and asthma patients after challenge with Aspergillus fumigatus, SYBARIS project.. Aspergillosis covers a range of infections cause by Aspergillus species, and in many cases can be life threatening. Individuals with weakened immune systems are particularly at risk. Dendritic cells were derived from patients with allergic brochopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA), chronic cavitary pulmonary aspergillosis (CCPA), and asthma, as well as from healthy donors. Each sample was split in two, and one sample from each pair was cultured with Aspergillus fumigatus. RNA-sequencing was used to assess transcriptional changes in the human cells in response to pathogen challenge. Many genes known to be important in immunity were found to exhibit differential expression after fungal challenge between healthy and diseased individuals, including chemokines and C-type lectins.. Aspergillosis covers a range of infections cause by Aspergillus species, and in many cases can be life threatening. Individuals with weakened immune systems are particularly at risk. Dendritic cells were derived from patients with allergic brochopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA), chronic cavitary pulmonary aspergillosis (CCPA), and asthma, as well as from healthy donors. Each sample was split in two, and one sample from each pair was cultured with Aspergillus fumigatus. RNA-sequencing was used to assess transcriptional changes in the human cells in response to pathogen challenge. Many genes known to be important in immunity were found to exhibit differential expression after fungal challenge between healthy and diseased individuals, including chemokines and C-type lectins.
ERP002331|RNA-Seq of Saccharomyces cerevisiae M28 strains with smooth and filigreed colony morphology, tissue invasiveness, differential immune recognition, resistant or sensitive to trifluoroleucine, SYBARIS project.. Saccharomyces cerevisiae M28 strain has been shown to form either smooth or filigreed colonies, and in some cases to exhibit resistance to trifluoroleucine. RNA-sequencing was used to analyse differences in the gene expression profiles of smooth or filigreed, resistant or sensitive colonies from three tetrads. Possibly the results should hint at the connection between these phenotypes and yeast strains pathogenicity.. Saccharomyces cerevisiae M28 strain has been shown to form either smooth or filigreed colonies, and in some cases to exhibit resistance to trifluoroleucine. RNA-sequencing was used to analyse differences in the gene expression profiles of smooth or filigreed, resistant or sensitive colonies from three tetrads. Possibly the results should hint at the connection between these phenotypes and yeast strains pathogenicity.
ERP002322|RNA-Seq of Aspergillus fumigatus mutants resistant to itraconazole. Two mutant strains of Aspergillus fumigatus derived from strain A1160, HapB and 29.9, display resistance to the antifungal drug itraconazole. To understand what underlying transcriptional processes contribute to this resistance, A1160, HapB and 29.9 were cultured either in the presence or absence of itraconazole. RNA-sequencing was used to compare transcription profiles of each mutant strain with or without the drug, to A1160 with or without drug.. Two mutant strains of Aspergillus fumigatus derived from strain A1160, HapB and 29.9, display resistance to the antifungal drug itraconazole. To understand what underlying transcriptional processes contribute to this resistance, A1160, HapB and 29.9 were cultured either in the presence or absence of itraconazole. RNA-sequencing was used to compare transcription profiles of each mutant strain with or without the drug, to A1160 with or without drug.
ERP002425|Barcode sequencing of Saccharomyces cerevisiae deletion libraries, SYBARIS project. A systematic approach allowing the identification of the molecular way-of-action of novel potential drugs represents the golden-tool for drug-discovery. While high-throughput screening technologies of large libraries is now well established, the assessment of the drug targets and mechanism of action is still under development. Taking advantage of the yeast model Saccharomyces cerevisiae, we herein applied BarSeq, a Next Generation Sequencing-based method to the analysis of both haploinsufficiency and homozygous fitness effects of a novel antifungal drug ('089') compared to the well-known antifungal ketoconazole.  '089' was a novel compound identified in during a screen for antifungal drugs, as it was showing fungicidal effects, and able to affect the yeast fitness at the mitochondrial level (Stefanini et al., 2010. (Dissection of the Effects of Small Bicyclic Peptidomimetics on a Panel of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Mutants;.J Biol Chem, 285: 23477-23485.)  Integrative bioinformatic analysis of BarSeq, whole genome expression analysis and classical biological assays identified the target and cell pathways affected by the novel antifungal. Confirmation of the effects observed in the yeast model and in pathogenic fungi further demonstrated the reliability of the multi-sided approach and the novelty of the targets and way-of-action of the new class of molecules studied representing a valuable source of novel antifungals.. A systematic approach allowing the identification of the molecular way-of-action of novel potential drugs represents the golden-tool for drug-discovery. While high-throughput screening technologies of large libraries is now well established, the assessment of the drug targets and mechanism of action is still under development. Taking advantage of the yeast model Saccharomyces cerevisiae, we herein applied BarSeq, a Next Generation Sequencing-based method to the analysis of both haploinsufficiency and homozygous fitness effects of a novel antifungal drug ('089') compared to the well-known antifungal ketoconazole.  '089' was a novel compound identified in during a screen for antifungal drugs, as it was showing fungicidal effects, and able to affect the yeast fitness at the mitochondrial level (Stefanini et al., 2010. (Dissection of the Effects of Small Bicyclic Peptidomimetics on a Panel of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Mutants;.J Biol Chem, 285: 23477-23485.)  Integrative bioinformatic analysis of BarSeq, whole genome expression analysis and classical biological assays identified the target and cell pathways affected by the novel antifungal. Confirmation of the effects observed in the yeast model and in pathogenic fungi further demonstrated the reliability of the multi-sided approach and the novelty of the targets and way-of-action of the new class of molecules studied representing a valuable source of novel antifungals.
ERP002445|DNA-seq of Candida albians strains engineered to mis-incorporate increasing levels of leucine at CUG codon, SYBARIS project. The aim of this experiment is to test how atypical codon assignment (in our case Ser and Leu at CUG sites) flexibility can provide an effective mechanism to alter the genetic code. We have reengineered C. albicans strains to mis-incorporate increasing levels of Leu at protein CUG sites.. The aim of this experiment is to test how atypical codon assignment (in our case Ser and Leu at CUG sites) flexibility can provide an effective mechanism to alter the genetic code. We have reengineered C. albicans strains to mis-incorporate increasing levels of Leu at protein CUG sites.
ERP002541|Whole genome sequence for S. cerevisiae isolates.. Aim of this project is to identify biomarkers associated with fungal persistence in the host and genomic variability among strains isolated from different environments.. Aim of this project is to identify biomarkers associated with fungal persistence in the host and genomic variability among strains isolated from different environments.
ERP002505|Whole genome sequencing to study of pathogenic Candida strains. Aim of this project is to identify biomarkers associated with persistance of Candida strains in the host and with virulence/pathogenicity of the different strains. Aim of this project is to identify biomarkers associated with persistance of Candida strains in the host and with virulence/pathogenicity of the different strains
ERP108351|Genotyping-by-sequencing of American mink. We used genotyping-by-sequencing (GBS) strategy to obtain single nucleotide polymorphism genotypes of 2,496 mink from Aarhus University farm.. We used genotyping-by-sequencing (GBS) strategy to obtain single nucleotide polymorphism genotypes of 2,496 mink from Aarhus University farm.
SRP006947|GSE29692: DNaseI Hypersensitivity by Digital DNaseI from ENCODE/University of Washington. -. Summary: This track is produced as part of the ENCODE Project. This track shows DNaseI sensitivity measured genome-wide in different cell lines using the Digital DNaseI methodology (see below), and DNaseI hypersensitive sites. DNaseI has long been used to map general chromatin accessibility and DNaseI hypersensitivity is a universal feature of active cis-regulatory sequences. The use of this method has led to the discovery of functional regulatory elements that include enhancers, insulators, promotors, locus control regions and novel elements. For each experiment (cell type) this track shows DNaseI sensitivity as a continuous function using sequencing tag density (Raw Signal), and discrete loci of DNaseI sensitive zones (HotSpots) and hypersensitive sites (Peaks)."  For data usage terms and conditions, please refer to http://www.genome.gov/27528022  and http://www.genome.gov/Pages/Research/ENCODE/ENCODEDataReleasePolicyFinal2008.pdf  Overall Design: Cells were grown according to the approved ENCODE cell culture protocols. Digital DNaseI was performed by DNaseI digestion of intact nuclei, isolating DNaseI 'double-hit' fragments as described in Sabo et al. (2006), and direct sequencing of fragment ends (which correspond to in vivo DNaseI cleavage sites) using the Solexa platform (36 bp reads). Uniquely mapping high-quality reads were mapped to the genome. DNaseI sensitivity is directly reflected in raw tag density (Raw Signal), which is shown in the track as density of tags mapping within a 150 bp sliding window (at a 20 bp step across the genome). DNaseI sensitive zones (HotSpots) were identified using the HotSpot algorithm described in Sabo et al. (2004). 1.0% false discovery rate thresholds (FDR 0.01) were computed for each cell type by applying the HotSpot algorithm to an equivalent number of random uniquely mapping 36mers. DNaseI hypersensitive sites (DHSs or Peaks) were identified as signal peaks within FDR 1.0% hypersensitive zones using a peak-finding algorithm.
ERP115881|Genome-wide SNP analysis using 2b-RAD sequencing identifies the candidate genes putatively associated with hair length in Tianzhu white yak (Bos grunniens). This project involed 2b-RAD sequencing followed by SNP identification. This project involed 2b-RAD sequencing followed by SNP identification
ERP116056|Host genetic factors and severity of Andes orthohantavirus infection: a genome wide association study. Andes orthohantavirus (ANDV) is an important human pathogen that cause hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome (HCPS) with a fatality rate of 30% in Chile. Clinical course may present as a mild or severe illness. The influence of genetic factors of the host in the different clinical courses is currently poorly understood. Our goal was to identify copy number variats (CNVs) associated with different clinical courses (mild or severe) in patients infected with ANDV. We recruited 195 patients (88 mild and 107 severe). Genotyping was performed using Affymetrix Genome-Wide SNP Array 6.0. We performed CNVs Genome Wide Association (GWAs) analisys.. Andes orthohantavirus (ANDV) is an important human pathogen that cause hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome (HCPS) with a fatality rate of 30% in Chile. Clinical course may present as a mild or severe illness. The influence of genetic factors of the host in the different clinical courses is currently poorly understood. Our goal was to identify copy number variats (CNVs) associated with different clinical courses (mild or severe) in patients infected with ANDV. We recruited 195 patients (88 mild and 107 severe). Genotyping was performed using Affymetrix Genome-Wide SNP Array 6.0. We performed CNVs Genome Wide Association (GWAs) analisys.
ERP115823|Comprehensive transcriptomic and epigenomic analysis of the genetically-defined pigs predisposed to colorectal cancer.. Sequencing of the pig cancer predisposition genes. Sequencing of the pig cancer predisposition genes
SRP001408|High-throughput sequencing of Hop stunt viroid-derived small RNAs from cucumber leaves and phloem. Small RNA (sRNA)-guided processes, referred to as RNA silencing, regulate endogenous and exogenous gene expression. In plants and some animals, these processes are noncell autonomous and can operate beyond the site of initiation. Viroids, the smallest self-replicating plant pathogens known, are inducers, targets and evaders of this regulatory mechanism and, consequently, the presence of viroid-derived sRNAs (vd-sRNAs) is usually associated with viroid infection. However, the pathways involved in the biogenesis of vd-sRNAs are largely unknown. Here, we analyse, by high-throughput pyrosequencing, the profiling of the Hop stunt viroid (HSVd) vd-sRNAs recovered from the leaves and phloem of infected cucumber (Cucumis sativus) plants. HSVd vd-sRNAs are mostly 21 and 22 nucleotides in length and derived equally from plus and minus HSVd RNA strands. The widespread distribution of vd-sRNAs across the genome reveals that the totality of the HSVd RNA genome contributes to the formation of vd-sRNAs. Our sequence data suggest that viroid-derived double-stranded RNA functions as one of the main precursors of vd-sRNAs. Remarkably, phloem vd-sRNAs accumulated preferentially as 22-nucleotide species with a consensus sequence over-represented. This bias in size and sequence in the HSVd vd-sRNA population recovered from phloem exudate suggests the existence of a selective trafficking of vd-sRNAs to the phloem tissue of infected cucumber plants.. unique-sRNAS recovered from healthy and HSVd-infected cucumber leaves and phloem
ERP104938|Investigation of genetic marker related to PRRSV resistance by pig challenge test. In this study, porcine CD163 gene polymorphisms were investigated for their associations with host immune response to PRRSV infection in growing pigs experimentally challenged with PRRSV isolate JA142.. In this study, porcine CD163 gene polymorphisms were investigated for their associations with host immune response to PRRSV infection in growing pigs experimentally challenged with PRRSV isolate JA142.
ERP115835|PRM1 gene of chromasome 25 of Bos taurus. A total of 365 Chinese Holstein bulls from three bull stations were studied in this research to identify the functional SNPs of PRM1 gene, which associated with semen quality of bulls.. A total of 365 Chinese Holstein bulls from three bull stations were studied in this research to identify the functional SNPs of PRM1 gene, which associated with semen quality of bulls.
SRP012032|The dynamics of genome size change in Nicotiana section Repandae. We used 'Genome Skimming' and graph-based clustering (Novak et al 2010) to characterise the genomes of several species in Nicotiana section Repandae. We used 'Genome Skimming' and graph-based clustering (Novak et al 2010) to characterise the genomes of several species in Nicotiana section Repandae. Sampling the genome at low coverage allows the quantification and characterisation of repetitive sequences in hihgg copy numbers.
ERP118357|QTL map based candidate gene discovery for salt tolerance in rice. mapping the At 354 and Bg 352 rice varieties to Nipponbare rice genome (Os-Nipponbare-Reference-IRGSP-1.0) and to R498 rice genome (R498.Genome.version1). mapping the At 354 and Bg 352 rice varieties to Nipponbare rice genome (Os-Nipponbare-Reference-IRGSP-1.0) and to R498 rice genome (R498.Genome.version1)
ERP108726|ECDC Pilot 2018. myDescription. myDescription
ERP108056|Genetic diversity and structure in Arapaima gigas populations from Amazon and Araguaia-Tocantins river basins. Arapaima gigas population genetic study. Arapaima gigas population genetic study
SRP002753|RNAi mediated immunity provides strong protection against the negative strand RNA virus VSV in Drosophila. Activation of innate antiviral responses in multicellular organisms largely relies on the recognition of structural differences between viral and cellular RNAs. Double-stranded (ds) RNA, produced during viral replication, is a well-known activator of antiviral defenses and triggers interferon production in vertebrates and RNA interference (RNAi) in invertebrates and plants. Previous work in mammalian cells indicates that negative-strand RNA viruses do not appear to generate dsRNA, and that activation of innate immunity is triggered by the recognition of the viral RNA uncapped 5’ ends. Studies on antiviral RNAi in plants and insects have so far focused on viruses with (+) strand or dsRNA genomes, raising the question whether RNAi, which is triggered by dsRNA, represents an effective host-defense mechanism against (-) strand RNA viruses. Here, we show that the (-) strand RNA virus Vesicular Stomatitis virus (VSV) does not produce detectable amounts of dsRNA in drosophila cells. However, RNAi represents a potent response to VSV infection, as illustrated by the high susceptibility of RNAi defective mutant flies to this virus. VSV-derived small RNAs produced in infected cells or flies equally map the (+) and (-) viral RNA strands, and cover uniformly the viral genome, supporting their production from dsRNA. Our findings reveal that RNAi is not restricted to the defense against (+) strand or dsRNA viruses but can also be highly efficient against a (-) strand RNA virus. This is of particular interest in view of the frequent transmission of medically relevant (-) strand RNA viruses to humans by insect vectors.. Dataset 1 described in the paper linked below. These data are co-released by the Virus and Rna Interference Lab at the Institut Pasteur, Paris, France and the Reaction Antivirale group at the Institut de Biologie Moleculaire et Cellulaire, Strasbourg, France
ERP111357|Considering adaptive genetic variation in climate change vulnerability assessment reduces species range loss projections. Local adaptations can determine the potential of populations to respond to environmental changes, yet adaptive genetic variation is commonly ignored in models forecasting species vulnerability and biogeographical shifts under future climate change. Here we integrate genomic and ecological modelling approaches to identify genetic adaptations associated with climate in two cryptic forest bats. We then incorporate this information directly into forecasts of range changes under future climate change and assessment of population persistence through the spread of climate adaptive genetic variation (evolutionary rescue potential). Considering climate adaptive potential reduced range loss projections, suggesting that failure to account for intraspecific variability can result in overestimation of future losses. On the other hand, range overlap between species was projected to increase, indicating that interspecific competition is likely to play an important role in limiting species future ranges. We show that although evolutionary rescue is possible, it depends on population adaptive capacity and connectivity. Hence, we stress the importance of incorporating genomic data and landscape connectivity in climate change vulnerability assessments and conservation management.. Local adaptations can determine the potential of populations to respond to environmental changes, yet adaptive genetic variation is commonly ignored in models forecasting species vulnerability and biogeographical shifts under future climate change. Here we integrate genomic and ecological modelling approaches to identify genetic adaptations associated with climate in two cryptic forest bats. We then incorporate this information directly into forecasts of range changes under future climate change and assessment of population persistence through the spread of climate adaptive genetic variation (evolutionary rescue potential). Considering climate adaptive potential reduced range loss projections, suggesting that failure to account for intraspecific variability can result in overestimation of future losses. On the other hand, range overlap between species was projected to increase, indicating that interspecific competition is likely to play an important role in limiting species future ranges. We show that although evolutionary rescue is possible, it depends on population adaptive capacity and connectivity. Hence, we stress the importance of incorporating genomic data and landscape connectivity in climate change vulnerability assessments and conservation management.
ERP115571|Array-CGH analysis of a patient with triphalangeal thumb-polysyndactyly syndrome combined with a complex congenital heart defect and optic disc coloboma. In this study we report on a rare neonatal case of triphalangeal thumb-polysyndactyly syndrome (TPT-PS) combined with a severe congenital heart disease, namely double outlet right ventricle (DORV), and microphthalmia with optic disc coloboma. High-resolution array-CGH revealed a ~ 299 kb microduplication of 7q36.3 locus encompassing a long-range sonic hedgehog (SHH) regulatory sequence (ZRS).. In this study we report on a rare neonatal case of triphalangeal thumb-polysyndactyly syndrome (TPT-PS) combined with a severe congenital heart disease, namely double outlet right ventricle (DORV), and microphthalmia with optic disc coloboma. High-resolution array-CGH revealed a ~ 299 kb microduplication of 7q36.3 locus encompassing a long-range sonic hedgehog (SHH) regulatory sequence (ZRS).
ERP111873|axiom 820K array Triticum aestivum. The introgression of novel genes from progenitors and related species has been widely employed to improve the agronomic characteristics of hexaploid wheat. This approach, however, has been hampered by the lack of markers that can be used to track introduced chromosome segments. Here, we describe the identification of a large number of single nucleotide polymorphism-based markers that can be used to genotype hexaploid wheat and to identify and track introgression from a variety of sources representing its secondary and tertiary gene pools. We have validated our markers using a high density Axiom® genotyping array. Use of the ultra-high density platform to genotype a range of diploid, tetraploid and hexaploid wheat lines and wheat relatives has confirmed the utility of the markers across a range of species.. The introgression of novel genes from progenitors and related species has been widely employed to improve the agronomic characteristics of hexaploid wheat. This approach, however, has been hampered by the lack of markers that can be used to track introduced chromosome segments. Here, we describe the identification of a large number of single nucleotide polymorphism-based markers that can be used to genotype hexaploid wheat and to identify and track introgression from a variety of sources representing its secondary and tertiary gene pools. We have validated our markers using a high density Axiom® genotyping array. Use of the ultra-high density platform to genotype a range of diploid, tetraploid and hexaploid wheat lines and wheat relatives has confirmed the utility of the markers across a range of species.
SRP007454|Translocation-Capture Sequencing Reveals the Extent and Nature of Chromosomal Rearrangements in B Lymphocytes. Chromosomal rearrangements, including translocations, require formation and joining of paired DNA double strand breaks (DSBs). These events disrupt the integrity of the genome and are frequently involved in producing leukemias, lymphomas and sarcomas. Despite the importance of these events, current understanding of their genesis is limited. To examine the origins of chromosomal rearrangements we developed Translocation Capture Sequencing (TC-Seq), a method to document chromosomal rearrangements genome-wide, in primary cells. We examined over 180,000 rearrangements obtained from 400 million B lymphocytes, revealing that proximity between DSBs, transcriptional activity and chromosome territories are key determinants of genome rearrangement. Specifically, rearrangements tend to occur in cis and to transcribed genes. Finally, we find that activation-induced cytidine deaminase (AID) induces the rearrangement of many genes found as translocation partners in mature B cell lymphoma.. All samples called as A and B are Biological replicates (same assay, different individual/cells).
DRP002326|PAPD5-mediated adenylation of miR-21. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease
DRP002327|Identification of the key N2O production pathways in partial nitrification aerobic granules. In this project, we combined real-time gas monitoring analysis, 15N stable isotope analysis, microscale N2O concentration measurements, and denitrification functional gene transcriptome analysis including norB transcript pyrosequencing, to clarify the main N2O producers in the partial nitrification aerobic granule reactor fed with ammonium and acetate.. In this project, we combined real-time gas monitoring analysis, 15N stable isotope analysis, microscale N2O concentration measurements, and denitrification functional gene transcriptome analysis including norB transcript pyrosequencing, to clarify the main N2O producers in the partial nitrification aerobic granule reactor fed with ammonium and acetate.
DRP002328|PAPD5-mediated adenylation of miR-21. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease
DRP002329|Transcriptional profiling during OSH1 induction. In flowering plants, knotted1-like homeobox (KNOX) transcription factors play crucial roles in establishment and maintenance of the shoot apical meristem (SAM), from which aerial organs such as leaves, stems and flowers initiate. We report that a rice (Oryza Sativa) KNOX gene Oryza sativa homeobox1 (OSH1) represses the brassinosteroid (BR) phytohormone pathway through activation of BR catabolism genes. Inducible overexpression of OSH1 caused brassinosteroid insensitivity, whereas loss-of-function showed a BR-overproduction phenotype. Genome-wide identification of loci bound and regulated by OSH1 revealed hormonal and transcriptional regulation as the major function of OSH1. Among these targets, BR catabolism genes CYP734A2, CYP734A4 and CYP734A6 were rapidly up-regulated by OSH1-induction. Furthermore, RNAi knockdown plants of CYP734A genes arrested growth of the SAM and mimicked some osh1 phenotypes. Thus, we suggest that local control of BR levels by KNOX genes is a key regulatory step in SAM function.. In flowering plants, knotted1-like homeobox (KNOX) transcription factors play crucial roles in establishment and maintenance of the shoot apical meristem (SAM), from which aerial organs such as leaves, stems and flowers initiate. We report that a rice (Oryza Sativa) KNOX gene Oryza sativa homeobox1 (OSH1) represses the brassinosteroid (BR) phytohormone pathway through activation of BR catabolism genes. Inducible overexpression of OSH1 caused brassinosteroid insensitivity, whereas loss-of-function showed a BR-overproduction phenotype. Genome-wide identification of loci bound and regulated by OSH1 revealed hormonal and transcriptional regulation as the major function of OSH1. Among these targets, BR catabolism genes CYP734A2, CYP734A4 and CYP734A6 were rapidly up-regulated by OSH1-induction. Furthermore, RNAi knockdown plants of CYP734A genes arrested growth of the SAM and mimicked some osh1 phenotypes. Thus, we suggest that local control of BR levels by KNOX genes is a key regulatory step in SAM function.
DRP002330|PAPD5-mediated adenylation of miR-21. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease
DRP002331|PAPD5-mediated adenylation of miR-21. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease
DRP002332|PAPD5-mediated adenylation of miR-21. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease
DRP002333|PAPD5-mediated adenylation of miR-21. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease
DRP002334|Blattabacterium sp. BPAA Genome Sequencing. Complete genome sequence of the obligate, nutrient-provisioning endosymbiont of the wood-feeding cockroach, Panesthia angustipennis. Complete genome sequence of the obligate, nutrient-provisioning endosymbiont of the wood-feeding cockroach, Panesthia angustipennis
DRP002335|Subsurface bacterial community of Musashino Upland. 16S rDNA amplicon analysis of the DNA obtained from the boring cores of Nihon University and Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology site up to 50 m deep.. 16S rDNA amplicon analysis of the DNA obtained from the boring cores of Nihon University and Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology site up to 50 m deep.
DRP002336|PAPD5-mediated adenylation of miR-21. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease
DRP002337|PAPD5-mediated adenylation of miR-21. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease. PAPD5-mediated 3' adenylation and subsequent degradation of oncomiR miR-21 is disrupted in proliferative disease
DRP002339|Development of a prokaryotic universal primer for simultaneous analysis of Bacteria and Archaea using next-generation sequencing. For the analysis of microbial community structure based on 16S rDNA sequence diversity, sensitive and robust PCR amplification of 16S rDNA is a critical step. To obtain accurate microbial composition data, PCR amplification must be free of bias; however, amplifying all 16S rDNA species with equal efficiency from a sample containing a large variety of microorganisms remains challenging. Here, we designed a universal primer based on the V3-V4 hypervariable region of prokaryotic 16S rDNA for the simultaneous detection of Bacteria and Archaea in fecal samples from crossbred pigs (Landrace ? Large white ? Duroc) using an Illumina MiSeq next-generation sequencer. In-silico analysis showed that the newly designed universal prokaryotic primers matched approximately 98.0% of Bacteria and 94.6% of Archaea rRNA gene sequences in the Ribosomal Database Project database. For each sequencing reaction performed with the prokaryotic universal primer, an average of 69,330 (?20,482) reads were obtained, of which archaeal rRNA genes comprised approximately 1.2% to 3.2% of all prokaryotic reads. In addition, the detection frequency of Bacteria belonging to the phylum Verrucomicrobia, including members of the classes Verrucomicrobiae and Opitutae, was higher in the NGS analysis using the prokaryotic universal primer than that performed with the bacterial universal primer. Importantly, this new prokaryotic universal primer set had markedly lower bias than that of most previously designed universal primers. Our findings demonstrate that the prokaryotic universal primer set designed in the present study will permit the simultaneous detection of Bacteria and Archaea, and will therefore allow for a more comprehensive understanding of microbial community structures in environmental samples.. For the analysis of microbial community structure based on 16S rDNA sequence diversity, sensitive and robust PCR amplification of 16S rDNA is a critical step. To obtain accurate microbial composition data, PCR amplification must be free of bias; however, amplifying all 16S rDNA species with equal efficiency from a sample containing a large variety of microorganisms remains challenging. Here, we designed a universal primer based on the V3-V4 hypervariable region of prokaryotic 16S rDNA for the simultaneous detection of Bacteria and Archaea in fecal samples from crossbred pigs (Landrace ? Large white ? Duroc) using an Illumina MiSeq next-generation sequencer. In-silico analysis showed that the newly designed universal prokaryotic primers matched approximately 98.0% of Bacteria and 94.6% of Archaea rRNA gene sequences in the Ribosomal Database Project database. For each sequencing reaction performed with the prokaryotic universal primer, an average of 69,330 (?20,482) reads were obtained, of which archaeal rRNA genes comprised approximately 1.2% to 3.2% of all prokaryotic reads. In addition, the detection frequency of Bacteria belonging to the phylum Verrucomicrobia, including members of the classes Verrucomicrobiae and Opitutae, was higher in the NGS analysis using the prokaryotic universal primer than that performed with the bacterial universal primer. Importantly, this new prokaryotic universal primer set had markedly lower bias than that of most previously designed universal primers. Our findings demonstrate that the prokaryotic universal primer set designed in the present study will permit the simultaneous detection of Bacteria and Archaea, and will therefore allow for a more comprehensive understanding of microbial community structures in environmental samples.
